README.md, before:

A cool website helps you choose a good restaurant when you can't decide.

٩(◕‿◕｡)۶

# Design

1. Fonts:

Playfair Display: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Playfair+Display?query=playfair

Carter One: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Carter+One?query=carter+one

Vidaloka: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Vidaloka?query=vida

2. Main Colors:

Main background color: #FFCF99

Footer background color: #FFC07F

Text colors: #F15156; #F15156; #FC7753;

3. Icons from Fontawesome and Noun Project

https://fontawesome.com

https://thenounproject.com

4. Logo and UI images designed by team Yearbook Haters


# Implementation
1.

2.

3.

4. Live Chat Box

5.

6.

7.
# Principal

1.414

# Reference List

1. Swiper: https://codepen.io/RobVermeer/pen/japZpY

2. RandomString: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1349404/generate-random-string-characters-in-javascript

3. AnimalList: https://gist.githubusercontent.com/borlaym/585e2e09dd6abd9b0d0a/raw/6e46db8f5c27cb18fd1dfa50c7c921a0fbacbad0/animals.json

4. CategoryList: https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v3/all_category_list

5. Websocket: ?

6. Autocomplete: https://leaverou.github.io/awesomplete

7. YelpAPI: https://github.com/Yelp/yelp-fusion#code-samples

8.

Commit message:

🗼🙇 Checkpoint ./README.md:14079408/765 ./public/host.js:14079408/2

README.md, after:

A cool website helps you choose a good restaurant when you can't decide.

٩(◕‿◕｡)۶

# Design

1. Fonts:

Playfair Display: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Playfair+Display?query=playfair

Carter One: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Carter+One?query=carter+one

Vidaloka: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Vidaloka?query=vida

2. Main Colors:

Main background color: #FFCF99

Footer background color: #FFC07F

Text colors: #F15156; #F15156; #FC7753;

3. Icons from Fontawesome and Noun Project

https://fontawesome.com

https://thenounproject.com

4. Logo and UI images designed by team Yearbook Haters


# Implementation

1. Yelp Restaurant Search Engine

2. Autocompletion of category

3. Copy link and send link via e-mail

4. Live Chat Box (Random Name User)

5. Live Swiper Tinder card and buttons

6. Selection algorithm for favorite restaurant

# Principal

1.414

# Reference List

1. Swiper: https://codepen.io/RobVermeer/pen/japZpY

2. RandomString: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1349404/generate-random-string-characters-in-javascript

3. AnimalList: https://gist.githubusercontent.com/borlaym/585e2e09dd6abd9b0d0a/raw/6e46db8f5c27cb18fd1dfa50c7c921a0fbacbad0/animals.json

4. CategoryList: https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v3/all_category_list

5. Websocket: ?

6. Autocomplete: https://leaverou.github.io/awesomplete

7. YelpAPI: https://github.com/Yelp/yelp-fusion#code-samples

# Specific

1. Host only for a single game.

2. Offer for at most eight players, and default restaurant number is eight.

3. Categories are only available in "US" or "All" `(This is required)`.
